Modified how interval bounds work (#75)
AI4S2S/lilio: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## 0.5.0 (2024-06-11)
### Changed
 - Moved to ruff formatter instead of black ([#70](https://github.com/AI4S2S/lilio/pull/70))
 - Do import sorting with ruff instead of isort ([#70](https://github.com/AI4S2S/lilio/pull/70))

>  - Option for "greedy" mode which creates an interval is any data is available within the time bound ([#75](https://github.com/AI4S2S/lilio/pull/75))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Option for "greedy" mode which creates an interval if any data is available within the time bound ([#75](https://github.com/AI4S2S/lilio/pull/75))
```

>  - Create an interval while inferring data frequency in "safe" mode ([#75](https://github.com/AI4S2S/lilio/pull/75))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `map_to_data` now tries to infer the time bounds for the data, and uses those to determine which anchor years are valid ([#75](https://github.com/AI4S2S/lilio/pull/75))
```

Author: Thanks, those are comments are clearer!

 - Tests for greedy and safe mode, including inferring data frequency ([#75](https://github.com/AI4S2S/lilio/pull/75))

### Fixed
 - Fixed issue with calendar generation when the (rightmost) target period crossed into the new year ([#70](https://github.com/AI4S2S/lilio/pull/70)).
 - Fixed issue with Pandas 2.2 where 'M' changed to 'ME' ([#72](https://github.com/AI4S2S/lilio/pull/72))
 - Fixed issue where pd.Interval now shows time where it is not wanted ([#72](https://github.com/AI4S2S/lilio/pull/72)). The issue was raised with Pandas ([#57748] https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/57748).
 - Added tests for latest version of macos (with M1 chips) ([#73](https://github.com/AI4S2S/lilio/pull/73))

>  - Fixed dummy timeseries, incorrect dates and test data, which should not have been working before ([#75](https://github.com/AI4S2S/lilio/pull/75))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed a bug in `map_to_data` that lead to anchor years being included when they should not have ([#75](https://github.com/AI4S2S/lilio/pull/75))
```
